Added cross references in the Remarks section of commandset and applicationcustomizer commands. Closes #5546 (#5548)
pnp/cli-microsoft365: docs/docs/cmd/spo/tenant/tenant-commandset-list.mdx

<Global />

## Remarks

> This command can be used for retrieving a list of tenant-wide installed ListView Command Sets. To retrieve a list of ListView Command Sets added from a specific site, view our dedicated [spo commandset list](../commandset/commandset-list.mdx) command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command can be used for retrieving a list of ListView Command Sets that are installed tenant-wide. To retrieve a list of ListView Command Sets added to a specific site, view our dedicated [spo commandset list](../commandset/commandset-list.mdx) command.
```
